What are morals, on what descriptions do we judge them? 

And how do we know those morals are moral? 

Is morality evil? 

Is evil moral? 

Is there any perfect description for either morality and its judgement and authority? 

Is evil accepted by morality? Why does evil and morals exist in harmony? 

Are you evil or moral? 

If you choose yourself as evil then how do you know you are evil? How did you reach that conclusion, what terms did you use, how, and why did you choose to say yourself evil? 

If you choose yourself as moral then how do you know you are moral? How did you reach that conclusion, what terms did you use, how and why did you choose to say yourself as moral? 

Am I as writer moral or evil? If yes how did I become it? 

Are you alive? If yes then how, why, for what causes and what fate? Do you want to die if yes the  why, how and why not choose to live and if you can't then why and how you accept that as fate and that decision and if not then how do you choose to die and how if your decision is to live then why, why not die, and why not live?

Do you want immortality? With morals or with evil? With neutrality and with authority or as punishment of the judgement? 

How are you answering the questions? If not why and how and why not and what's stopping you, what is not and what is? 

Are you real? If yes how, how did you came to that conclusion? 

Do you want wealth or do you want peace? If both then why, if one then why not the other, can't wealth buy peace and peace buy wealth, if not the why and how and what and what's stopping it from and what is not? If you are already wealthy then how and why not donate and be in peace? Is donation peace or just a face of neutrality and deception, if not then why and how did you decide, should we donate the  how and why and what's the best method? If there's not then why? And how, how do you tackle that? 

In conclusion you are neither evil, nor good, nor neutral.

Donation is good and moral but when donated right otherwise it's just a deception of donation, donate to the children, their education, food, woman's safety, freedom, rights, build infrastructure around those matters to support the conclusion or just don't donate. 

At last these questions were to rip off your mind's deception of knowing, you do not know anything nor I and we both dwell in that unknowing and by this we now become free of deception and if you still are deceiving then question again. We both are neither moral, nor good, nor neutral and by this questionnaire I proved that and if I am wrong then why, how and what forced you to think that and if no one then maybe I am or you are still deceiving?

What is deception? And is deception God?
